Prepare release r0.6 (#151)
camaraproject/DeviceStatus: README.md

* Note: Please be aware that the project will have frequent updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. **For best results, use the latest available public release**.

<!-- following part left in for now but could be omitted going forward -->

> * The latest available release version 0.6 (with API version 0.6.0-alpha.1) is available within the [release-0.6 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/tree/release-0.6)

Reviewer: r0.6 contains only a pre-release version of the API version 0.6.0, not the latest public-release initial version (which is still 0.5.1).

You can consider the complete part and replace with the following lines:

```
The latest public release is available here: https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/releases/latest
Pre-releases of this sub project are available in https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/releases
For changes see [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)
```

> * The latest available release version 0.6 (with API version 0.6.0-alpha.1) is available within the [release-0.6 branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/tree/release-0.6)

Reviewer: If you keep the part, please link not any more to the "release branches", as they were never useful and can be omitted, but to the release tag. With that the link would look like (after you have created the "r0.6" release:

```suggestion
* The latest available release version 0.6 (with API version 0.6.0-alpha.1) is available [here](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/tree/r0.6)
```

  - API definition with inline documentation:

>     - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/blob/release-0.6/code/API_definitions/device-status.yaml)

Reviewer: As above, remove the need for the "release branch":
 
```suggestion
    - OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/blob/r0.6/code/API_definitions/device-status.yaml)
```

>     - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/release-0.6/code/API_definitions/device-status.yaml&nocors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r0.6/code/API_definitions/device-status.yaml&nocors)
```

>     - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/release-0.6/code/API_definitions/device-status.yaml) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/r0.6/code/API_definitions/device-status.yaml) 
```
